Revert "fix broken links to conda-forge docs" (#1048)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: conda_smithy/feedstock_content/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* [ ] Used a fork of the feedstock to propose changes
* [ ] Bumped the build number (if the version is unchanged)
* [ ] Reset the build number to `0` (if the version changed)

> * [ ] [Re-rendered]( https://conda-forge.org/docs/conda_smithy.html#how-to-re-render ) with the latest `conda-smithy` (Use the phrase <code>@<space/>conda-forge-admin, please rerender</code> in a comment in this PR for automated rerendering)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] [Re-rendered]( http://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/updating_pkgs.html#rerendering-feedstocks ) with the latest `conda-smithy` (Use the phrase <code>@<space/>conda-forge-admin, please rerender</code> in a comment in this PR for automated rerendering)
```

> * [ ] [Re-rendered]( http://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/updating_pkgs.html#rerendering-feedstocks ) with the latest `conda-smithy` (Use the phrase <code>@<space/>conda-forge-admin, please rerender</code> in a comment in this PR for automated rerendering)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [ ] [Re-rendered]( https://conda-forge.org/docs/maintainer/updating_pkgs.html#rerendering-feedstocks ) with the latest `conda-smithy` (Use the phrase <code>@<space/>conda-forge-admin, please rerender</code> in a comment in this PR for automated rerendering)
```
